docs: Add remaining documentation for v2 (#202)
Quantco/dataframely: docs/guides/migration/v1-v2.md

Dataframely v2 finally implements lazy validation and filtering using a custom polars plugin. This allows
{meth}`Schema.validate` and {meth}`Schema.filter` to be used within lazy computation graphs instead of forcing a
`collect`. More details can be found in the [dedicated guide](../features/lazy-validation.md).

### Lazy `scan` operations

With lazy validation, all `scan_*` methods (e.g. {meth}`Schema.scan_parquet`, {meth}`Collection.scan_delta`, ...) are
now truly lazy, even if validation is necessary. Previously, this required collecting the input and running validation
eagerly.

### S3 Support in all I/O functions

Dataframely v2 now properly supports S3 for all I/O functions (i.e. `write_*`, `sink_*`, `read_*`, `scan_*`).

## Breaking Changes

### Columns are non-nullable by default

In dataframely v1, specifying a column without setting the `nullable` property caused the column to be nullable and a
warning was emitted. In dataframely v2, this changes: no warning is emitted anymore and `nullable` defaults to `False`.
This mirrors the typical expectation that a column is not nullable (because `null` values often indicate issues) --
nullability now becomes opt-in.

> ### Primary keys may not be nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Primary key columns may not be nullable
```

While dataframely v1 merely emitted a warning, dataframely v2 now raises an exception if a primary key is designated

> as non-nullable. This aligns dataframely, for example, with SQL where primary keys may not be nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as non-nullable. This aligns dataframely, for example, with SQL where primary key columns may not be nullable.
```
